And The Last Lecture we create our first opponent with a dot if you follow our own dot view fall.
Now I want to create a number of components on climate info Doc View in their Allegan add a template
and I want to say here is some important information UJA us is great.
That's my template now in the script section.
I don't need to add anything so I can leave out the script section because well I don't have any dynamic
content.
We can't just have a template.
I'll also leave out the Style section because I don't want to apply any specific styles so you can only
have a template but that is what you need to at least have a template with.
Again only one root node note HDMI node inside of it as we do here the paragraph.
Now with that invoke that view Fogg's created we could add it as a component as we did here as a global
component which is usable everywhere or we say no I only want to use it in another component and only
in that component.
In this case let's say that would be the user view file.
We can go into that file and we can add components as a property of our view instance and number property
recognized by the U.K.'s.
And here we can set up key value pairs where the key is to select or we can use a template and we can
then only use that selector in the template of this component where we added it as a local component
therefore and the value is the object which serves as a component.
So here I'll set a string as component selector app info maybe.
And now I want to import my objects an import statement at the top.
I'll import info from dot slash in that view file since I'm in the same folder.
A relative import is all I need.
So the sign info as a value here and now I can use app info in the template of this component and only
in this template of this component.
If you save it should again reload the page and you see the important information here.
View Chasse's great.
There's one thing which you might notice.
It's also using a taluk style.
Why.
Let's take a closer look at the next lecture.